# GD Icon Packer
_A PNG icon packer written in GDScript._  
__Version__ `1.1.1`  
__Godot Engine__ `4.1.x`  
__Copyright &copy; 2021-2023 Chris Roberts__ (Krobbizoid).

_This project is abandoned. (Archived and read-only.)_

# Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Issues](#issues)
3. [License](#license)

# About
GD Icon Packer was a PNG icon packer written in GDScript. It took source PNG
files, extracted some metadata, performed some basic validation, and packed
them into ICO or ICNS files if they met the standards for these icon types.

__ICNS files generated by GD Icon Packer have very poor compatibility!__ If you
want to generate ICNS files, I recommend searching for other software.

If you want to generate ICO files, check out my new project,
[Pico](https://github.com/krobbi/pico).

GD Icon Packer is not recommended for practical use. There is no way to use it
without opening this repository as a Godot Engine project and hard-coding the
source and target files in `main/main.gd` before running the project.

# Issues
* __General impracticality.__ (It's a pain to set up, and there is better
software available.)
* __The ICO files produced by this program are only compatible with Windows
Vista or newer versions of Windows.__ (Older versions of Windows do not support
ICO files with embedded PNG images.)
* __The ICNS files produced by this program have very poor compatibility with
macOS.__ (No icon images are provided for Retina displays, and the generated
ICNS files cause crashes when used as a native app icon. Also, ICNS files with
embedded PNG images may be incompatible with older versions of macOS.)

# License
GD Icon Packer is released under the MIT License:  
https://krobbi.github.io/license/2021/2023/mit.txt

See [license.txt](/license.txt) for a full copy of the license text.
